route perm yekaterinburg
blocked picture is not for the faint of heart
passenger bus flew into the oncoming
strip
it is known that the GDP
intra saloon on the road body after
truck and bus collision
caught fire
there were 13 people on the bus to work
brought orders for road repair
the driver and three passengers died on
the place did not survive and the trucker who
was driving a truck
aside lada kalina suggest that from
for this car buses flew to
oncoming drivers drove a column of cars
crashed on the side of the bus and literally
pushed him to meet the fury man
the Tatars Foundation does not consider itself guilty
inform
about thieves dollars
worker
open volume
then sharp left
Problems
drivers will pass medical
examination it turns out that in
the moment of the accident he was drunk
the man was detained
criminal proceedings are instituted against him
case driver faces up to nine years of imprisonment
traffic police freedom no doubt that the blame
will prove too obvious violations
products
rub in violation of the rules of the roof of the car
percentage provided
work in the same direction
but in other way
Oh nothing
last Saturday in a terrible accident out of 15
these people survived only 8 in place
died five later in intensive care
pervouralsk beat two more
another man still remains in
serious condition plots also
police officers of the village him too
of essence
ounces Mr. Mr. agreed to treat it
but if you will Denisova doubtful
that the cart to the hospital of this patient will score
well at least it's hard but
I think that everything will end fine
in poland when interviewing witnesses employees
traffic police will establish that the lada driver tried
escape from the scene of the accident
they are watching
leave and frozen to the forests
Elena will help Eugenius Lapina with
fourth channel news